Chumley: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
I'M ONE OF
THE SEVEN SHADOW RIDERS!
MY TRIBE'S ALL WOMEN,
SO TO MARRY...
I HAVE TO SHOP AROUND.
I DON'T WANT YOUR SOUL!
I WANT YOU, BIG BOY!
NOW LET'S DO THIS.
DUEL!
GO, MAGNET WARRIOR
OMEGA MINUS.
ATTACK AND TAME THAT
AMAZONESS TIGER!
I HAVE A FACEDOWN OUT!
HE WALKED RIGHT
INTO A TRAP.
NOW, AMAZONESS TIGER!
FANG FRENZY!
I'M ALL YOURS...
Jaden: HEY!
HA HA HA!
SORRY, BASTION AND I
ARE OFFICIALLY
ON OUR HONEYMOON NOW...
SO GET LOST!
THIS ISN'T OVER!!!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[BASTION YELLING]
Alexis: I HATE
HEARING BASTION
SUFFER LIKE THAT
AND NOT BEING ABLE
TO HELP!
NO JOKE.
THEY'VE BEEN
DUELING
ALL NIGHT!
AND FROM THOSE
SCREAMS,
IT SOUNDS LIKE
BASTION'S BEEN
LOSING
ALL NIGHT, TOO!
HOW LONG CAN
THIS GO ON?
WE GOTTA
DO SOMETHIN'!
YEAH!
HUH?
HEY. WHAT IS THAT?
OVER...THERE!
BASTION?!
BASTION!
WHAT HAPPENED?
[MOANING]
WAIT, SHE DUMPED YOU?!
THAT'S RIGHT.
I'M CRUSHED.
Chazz: YOU'RE
NOT CRUSHED...
YOU'RE LUCKY!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
SHE WAS SO SMITTEN
WITH YOU.
I KNOW. WE WERE
TO BE MARRIED!
HUH?
BUT SHE DECIDED I
WASN'T DUELIST ENOUGH.
YOU CALL THAT A DUEL?!
[MOANING]
YOU'RE NOT WORTHY...
BEAT IT!
I NEED SOMEONE...
SOMEONE WHO CAN DUEL
AT MY LEVEL.
OHH.
MY LOVE...
I WASN'T GOOD ENOUGH
FOR HER,
AND SHE'S LEFT ME
FOREVER!
SHE SAYS SHE WANTS
A...CHAMPION!
A DUELIST WHO CAN...
GIVE HER A...
MATCH THAT SHE'LL
ALWAYS REMEMBER...
BASTION...
[THINKING]
OH, TANIA...
OH, THERE I GO AGAIN!
I GUESS THAT I SIMPLY
CAN'T HELP MYSELF!
I'M HEAD OVER HEELS!
YES! ME TOO.
UNH! TANIA!
WHOA! IS HE STILL WIGGIN'
OUT OVER THAT GIRL?
YEAH, I HAD NO IDEA
BASTION HAD FALLEN
FOR HER THAT HARD.
REALLY.
WHAT DO THE LOT
OF YOU WANT?
A DUEL!
TO CHEER YOU UP!
I CAN'T.
IT'S JUST TOO
SOON FOR ME.
OH COME ON!
YOU GOTTA
MOVE ON BASTION!
I CAN'T DUEL...
WITHOUT...
MY TANIA...
I HATE SAYING THIS,
BUT...SHE'S PROBABLY
DUELIN' WITHOUT YOU.
NO, SHE WOULD NEVER,
NOT MY TANIA!
Chazz: OH, GAG ME.
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
WE HAD PASSION!
AH, EXCUSE ME, WHAT?
WHEN I FIRST DUELED
TANIA...
THERE WERE FIREWORKS
BETWEEN US.
YOU SAW HOW OUR
CARDS DANCED
THAT DANGEROUS
DUEL MONSTERS
DANCE TOGETHER.
IT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
MAJESTIC.
IF I CAN'T HAVE THAT
FEELING AGAIN
WHEN I DUEL...
WELL,
IT'S OVER THEN.
MY LIFE DUELING...
IT'S ALL FINISHED.
BUT BASTION,
SHE'S A SHADOW RIDER,
WE HAVE THE WORLD TO SAVE,
WE NEED YOU.
AND YOU'RE SAYING
YOU'RE DONE?
AS MUCH AS ALL OF YOU
REQUIRE MY DECK...
UNTIL I PROVE TO TANIA
THAT I AM A WORTHY MAN,
MY DUELING DAYS ARE THROUGH.
NOW AND FOREVER.
ALRIGHT, I'M GONNA GO TO
THE BATHROOM AND HURL.
JUST DUEL HER AGAIN!
GO AND ASK HER
FOR A REMATCH!
REMATCH?
AND DON'T TAKE NO
FOR AN ANSWER!
YOU'RE A TOUGH GUY!
AND I'LL EVEN BE
YOUR WINGMAN!
HMM.
Tania: AAH!
THIS ISLAND HAS
NOTHING BUT WEAKLINGS!
I NEED A WORTHY PARTNER!
SOMEONE WHO ISN'T
INTIMIDATED...BY MY POWER!
AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH!
[GROWLS]
AND IF HE CAN'T FIND ME,
I'LL FIND HIM!
AND DUEL HIM!
[GROWLING]
Syrus: JADEN, DON'T YOU
WANT TO GO TO BED?!
NOT YET!
I'M WORKIN'
ON A STRATEGY
TO HELP OUT BASTION!
JUST CALL ME CUPID!
A STRATEGY?
HOW ABOUT "A GOOD
NIGHT'S REST?"
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Bastion:
JADEN, OPEN UP!
IT'S ME!
WHADDYA DOIN' HERE,
BASTION?
THE REMATCH!
WHY AREN'T YOU
READY YET?
YOU MEAN NOW?!
Jaden: COULDN'T
THIS'VE WAITED
'TIL MORNING?!
NO!
TANIA!
Syrus: WAIT UP!
THOUGHT YOU COULD
USE THE EXTRA HELP!
THANKS, YOU GUYS!
[TIGER GROWLING]
IT'S HER!
OHH!
TANIA...
CAN'T YOU TAKE A HINT?
I ALREADY DUMPED YOU,
DON'T YOU REMEMBER?
HE WANTS A REMATCH!
HE CAN'T HAVE ONE.
BUT YOU SEEM
QUITE BRAVE.
I DO?
BUT I'M HERE
FOR MY FRIEND!
HEH HEH HEH!
HE ALREADY LOST.
I DUEL YOU,
OR THERE'S NO DUEL.
I NEVER BACK DOWN
FROM A CHALLENGE.
I'LL DO IT
FOR BASTION!
WHAT?!
OH, NO...
YOU KNOW THE RULES.
IF YOU LOSE THIS DUEL,
YOU LOSE YOUR SPIRIT KEY
AND SINGLE STATUS.
MEANING YOU MOVE HERE TO
THIS BATTLE ARENA WITH ME
AND BECOME MY HUSBAND
FOREVER MORE!
I SURE HOPE THAT JADEN
KNOWS WHAT HE'S DOING.
I SURE DO--
AND WHEN I'M DONE,
BASTION'LL KNOW
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE IN LOVE
TO DUEL
WITH PASSION.
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE
START THIS, HUN?
LET'S DUEL!
ALRIGHT, TANIA,
GET YOUR GAME ON!
HERE GOES!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO AVIAN...
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THAT'S YOUR MOVE?!
WELL, I HAVE SOMEONE TO
CLIP YOU AVIAN'S WINGS!
I SUMMON
AMAZONESS PALADIN!
AND WHILE PALADIN'S
ON THE FIELD,
SHE GAINS AN EXTRA
100 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY SINGLE
MONSTER OUT...
WITH AMAZONESS
IN ITS NAME!
AND I ACTIVATE THIS:
A SPELL KNOWN AS
AMAZONESS CHARM!
NOW, ALL THE MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD THAT ARE
IN DEFENSE MODE
ARE SWITCHED TO ATTACK MODE,
AND THEY EACH GAIN
200 ATTACK POINTS.
Crowler: I DON'T GET IT.
WHY WOULD SHE PLAY A CARD
THAT INCREASES
JADEN'S ATTACK POWER?
FOR THE THRILL OF IT!
THE PASSION!
SO, ARE WE ENJOYING
THE MATCH SO FAR?
NOT GETTING DISTRACTED,
I HOPE.
NOTHIN' DISTRACTS
ME FROM DUELING!
DIDN'T YA KNOW?
WELL MAYBE THIS
WILL MAKE YOU RECONSIDER!
THE CARD AMAZONESS ARENA!
WHEN THIS CARD ACTIVATES,
WE BOTH GAIN 600 LIFE POINTS.
AND IT'S NOT
JUST DISTRACTING,
BUT CAPTIVATING.
HA HA HA!
WOW, SHE MUST BE
REALLY DESPERATE
TO FIND A HUSBAND...
IF SHE'S GOTTA USE A CAGE!
HA HA HA!
SEE, AMAZONESS ARENA
IS A SACRED ARENA...
IN HERE, YOU DON'T
JUST FIGHT
WITH YOUR MONSTERS,
BUT WITH YOUR SOUL!
AND JUST HOW DO I
DO THAT?!
OH, YOU'LL FIND OUT!
BUT FIRST: AMAZONESS PALADIN
ATTACKS YOUR AVIAN!
HYAH!
AAH!
NOW YOU'LL SEE
THE POWER OF MY ARENA!
AFTER OUR MONSTERS
ARE ALL DONE,
YOUR SOUL
CAN BATTLE MINE!
IF YOU SACRIFICE A HUNDRED
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS,
YOU TAKE AWAY
A HUNDRED OF MINE!
WATCH OUT, JADEN!
I GUESS I SHOULD
WARN YOU...
I DON'T
EVER HIT GIRLS.
AND YOU SHOULDN'T,
BUT THIS ISN'T
A FIGHT BETWEEN US.
YOU SEE...
IT'S LIKE I SAID...
OUR SOULS WILL CLASH!
IF YOU SAY SO!
HMM.
HYAH!
UNH! HYAH!
AAH! AAH!
JADEN!
COME ON!
THIS IS EMBARRASSING
FOR ALL OF US GUYS!
AAH!
THAT'S NOT
A BAD LEFT HOOK.
WHAT THE--
SHE COMPLIMENTS
HIS ATTACK?
ISN'T SHE GREAT!
LIKE THAT?
THEN YOU'RE GONNA
LOVE...THIS!
I USE
POLYMERIZATION...
TO FUSION SUMMON...
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
NICE MOVE!
REALLY NICE MOVE!
THAT THUNDER GIANT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
CAN TAKE OUT A MONSTER
WITH LESS ATTACK POINTS
ON THE TURN
IT WAS SUMMONED!
GUESS THIS IS
GOOD-BYE PALADIN.
IMPRESSIVE.
I'M NOT DONE!
NOW MY
THUNDER GIANT...
ATTACKS
YOU DIRECTLY!
ERR!
AAH!
TANIA!
ARE YOU OKAY?!
HA HA! NOT BAD, JADEN...
YOU'RE MY TYPE OF GUY.
UH, BASTION...I THINK
TANIA'S FALLING FOR JADEN!
'COURSE NOT!
SHE WOULD NEVER
LEAVE ME!
UNH! AAH!
ALRIGHT IT'S MY TURN!
FIRST, I'LL PUT DOWN
A FACEDOWN...
THEN SUMMON AMAZONESS SWORDS
WOMAN IN ATTACK MODE!
AND FINALLY, I'LL USE
AMAZONESS CALL
TO RIP APART
YOUR FUSED MONSTER.
NOW LET'S FIGHT!
ATAAAAAAAACK CLAYMAN
WITH AMAZON SLASH ATTACK!
AAH!
AND NOW, THANKS
TO MY AMAZONESS ARENA
IT'S TIME WE HAD
A REMATCH!
OH, NOT AGAIN!
LOOK OUT, JADEN!
SNAP YOUR JAB!
HYAH!
YA KNOW, I USED TO
THINK HITTIN'
LIKE A GIRL...
WAS ACTUALLY
A BAD THING!
OH, IT IS A BAD THING
ALRIGHT, FOR YOU!
ALRIGHT, IT'S MY MOVE--
HYAH!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO BURSTINATRIX
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NOW, SPARKMAN,
ATTACK AMAZONESS
SWORDS WOMAN!
NOT SO FAST!
I'VE GOT MY TRAP:
AMAZONESS ARCHERS!
WHOA!
IT'S A RARE CARD,
AND I CAN ONLY USE IT
WHEN YOU MAKE THE MISTAKE
OF ATTACKING A FIELD
THAT ONLY HAS
AMAZONESS MONSTERS ON IT!
ONCE YOU DO...ALL YOUR
MONSTERS LOSE 600
ATTACK POINTS!
NOT TOO SHABBY
FOR A GIRL, HUH?
NO! NOT TOO
SHABBY AT ALL,
BUT THAT
DOESN'T MEAN...
I'M GONNA GIVE UP!
GO, SPARKMAN!
[GROANING]
AND...NOW LET'S
HAVE OURSELVES
ROUND THREE! HA!
HOLD ON, NOW JADEN'S
GONNA USE THE SOUL ATTACK?
HYAH!
NOT BAD.
YOU REALLY DUEL
WITH PASSION!
WHAT'S HE TRYING
TO PROVE?
Alexis: I DON'T KNOW,
BUT I'VE NEVER
SEEN JADEN DUEL
WITH SO MUCH ZEAL
BEFORE IN MY LIFE!
YES, HE'S ENJOYING HIMSELF...
AND WITHOUT BEING IN LOVE...
ALRIGHT...
NEXT, I'LL HAVE MY
AMAZONESS ARCHERS
FORCE ALL YOUR MONSTERS...
TO ATTACK!
YOU WANT IT?!
THEN YOU'RE
GONNA GET IT!
BURSTINATRIX,
GET 'EM!
[GROANING]
WELL...THAT COST ME
SOME POINTS...
BUT HEY! IT'S WORTH
IT TO RUMBLE!
NOT AGAIN!
NEXT I'LL THROW DOWN
A COUPLA FACEDOWNS,
AND ACTIVATE:
A LITTLE CARD
I LIKE TO CALL
THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE!
NOW CLAYMAN
COMES BACK
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
RIGHT TO MY HAND!
MY TURN!
AND...I'LL SUMMON
A LITTLE CARD
I LIKE TO CALL:
AMAZONESS TIGER!
ACTUALLY SHE'S NOT
VERY LITTLE...
BECAUSE THIS KITTY...
GAINS 400 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY SINGLE
AMAZONESS MONSTER I HAVE!
SHE JUST LOVES COMPANY.
I DON'T BLAME HER!
LOOK HOW POWERFUL SHE GOT!
HOW ABOUT WE TRY TO
NOT SOUND QUITE
SO IMPRESSED, OKAY?
NOW, AMAZONESS
SWORDS WOMAN!
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY!
HOLD ON! I PLAY
A HERO EMERGES!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS!
YOU DRAW
A RANDOM CARD
FROM MY HAND
AND IF IT'S
A MONSTER...
I GET TO SUMMON IT
TO THE FIELD!
HOW'S THAT FOR SOME
COMP'NY FOR YUR CAT?!
BUT YOU ONLY HAVE
ONE CARD LEFT!
PERFECT! SHE HAS
NO CHOICE BUT TO PICK THE...
ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN!
I'M SORRY...
BUT SWORDS WOMAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
TRANSFERS ALL
BATTLE DAMAGE TO YOU!
SO YOU'LL PROBABLY
WANNA DUCK NOW...
W-WHA?!
[GROANING]
GUESS IT'S...TIME
TO PUT UP MY DUKES!
BUT JADEN!
HE HARDLY HAS ANY
LIFE POINTS LEFT...
LET'S GO! HMM.
BRING IT! ERR!
AAH!
HYAH!
WHAT'S HE DOING?
IF THIS KEEPS UP,
JADEN IS GONNA LOSE!
PERHAPS HE'S FALLEN
UNDER TANIA'S SPELL...
THE SAME SPELL THAT
CAUSED BASTION TO LOSE.
IT'S NO SPELL, ZANE...
IT'S LOVE AS PURE AS
THE WIND DRIVEN SNOW,
RIGHT TANIA?
YEAH, YEAH...
WHATEVER, LOVERBOY.
NOW LET'S GET
BACK TO BUSINESS!
AMAZONESS TIGER,
ATTACK CLAYMAN!
HMM.
WHAT THE--?!
WHY WOULD TANIA
ATTACK A MONSTER
WITH MORE
DEFENSE POINTS?
SIMPLE! TO USE
THAT ARENA ABILITY
TO FIGHT JADEN AGAIN!
HYAH!
HE'S STILL
IN THERE...
FOR NOW...
HUH?
NEXT...I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL AMAZONESS TRAINER
TO SEAL YOUR FATE!
AW, JADEN IS IN SOME
DEEP TROUBLE HERE!
SINCE SHE PLAYED
THAT AMAZONESS
TRAINER--
IF THAT TIGER IS
UNABLE TO DEFEAT
ITS TARGET
DURING
THIS ROUND...
THE TRAINER CARD
INSTILLS
A TACTICAL
ADVANTAGE OF 400
EXTRA
ATTACK POINTS
FOR
ANOTHER ATTACK!
ALRIGHT...NOW HOW
ABOUT SOMEBODY
EXPLAIN IT
TO ME IN ENGLISH?
I'M AFRAID...
IF THAT TIGER ATTACKS
JADEN AGAIN...
THEN THIS DUEL
IS FINISHED...
Crowler: YES, JADEN
WILL LOSE...
AND WE'LL LOSE HIM
AS A STUDENT
BECAUSE HE'LL HAVE TO
MARRY TANIA!
DON'T SAY THAT!
JADEN, NO...
ERR. WHAT'S
THE HOLD UP?!
OH, YOU KNOW, HUN...
JUST ENJOYING THE MOMENT.
AFTER ALL, IT'LL BE
OUR ANNIVERSARY!
AAAAAAATAAAAAACK!
NOT YET!
I PLAY A TRAP--
CLAY CHARGE!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS!
IF YOU ATTACK
CLAYMAN WHEN I USE
THIS HERE TRAP CARD,
NOT ONLY DO BOTH
MONSTERS BITE
THE BIG ONE,
BUT YOU TAKE 800
POINTS OF DAMAGE!
ERR!
HEH HEH HEH!
SO YOU'RE PLAYING HARD
TO GET I SEE.
I LIKE THAT.
HEY! I'M JUST LIKING
THIS ALL-OUT DUEL!
YA KNOW...I HAVE TO ADMIT,
I'M LIKING IT TOO,
IT'S NON-STOP ACTION!
AND I THINK THAT'S
EXACTLY WHAT JADEN'S
GOING FOR, TOO.
BEAT HER
AT HER OWN GAME.
I GUESS. UNLESS HE'S
TRYING TO IMPRESS HER.
WHO KNOWS, MAYBE THIS
TANIA GIRL IS JADEN'S TYPE?
WHY DON'T YOU
SHUT IT, CHAZZ?
NO WAY JADEN WOULD
EVER DATE SOMEONE
LIKE THAT THING.
AND UNLESS YOU FORGOT...
THIS IS ABOUT MORE
THAN JUST MARRIAGE!
JADEN NEEDS
A MIRACLE DRAW HERE
OR TANIA'S GOING TO GET
ANOTHER SPIRIT GATE KEY,
NOT TO MENTION,
BASTION'S GOING TO SPEND
THE REST OF HIS LIFE
IN SOME LAME LOVE LIMBO.
THERE'S A LOT RIDING
ON JADEN'S SHOULDERS
THIS MOVE...
YOU FOUGHT WELL, JADEN,
BUT MY SWORDS WOMAN
WILL BEAT YOU...
REMEMBER...HER SPECIAL EFFECT
MAKES IT SO YOU TAKE
ALL DAMAGE
YOU DEAL TO HER!
YOU CAN'T WIN!
WITH ONE CARD I CAN,
AND I JUST DREW IT!
GO ELEMENTAL
HERO WILDHEART
IN ATTACK MODE!
AHH!
THEY HAVE THE SAME
ATTACK POINTS!
SO THEN THEY'LL
DESTROY EACH OTHER!
YOU GO GET HER,
JADEN!
WILDHEART,
ATTACK AMAZONESS
SWORDS WOMAN!
[YELLING]
NOW LET'S GO!
YEAH.
THIS IS IT!
SHE'S DOWN TO JUST ONE
HUNDRED ATTACK POINTS!
AND I'M BACK
DOWN TO EARTH.
JADEN'S PROVEN YOU CAN
DUEL PASSIONATELY...
WITHOUT BEING...IN LOVE.
NOW GO GET HER JADEN
AND WIN THIS MATCH
FOR US BOTH!
AAH!
[BOTH YELLING]
ERR!
UNH!
Banner:
IT IS OVER...
Crowler: NEVER...HAVE I
SEEN TWO PEOPLE DUEL
WITH SUCH PASSION
AND HEART.
WELL, TELL US,
BASTION.
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
LIKE A MAN STILL IN
THE THROWS OF LOVE?
OR HAS THIS DUEL
FINALLY HELPED
YOU REBOUND?
STILL IN LOVE...
BUT IN LOVE NOW...
WITH DUELING.
I SEE WHERE THE PASSION
LIES ONCE AGAIN.
I GUESS THAT'S GAME.
LEMME KNOW IF YA
EVER WANNA REMATCH!
NO REMATCH.
I JOINED THE SHADOW RIDERS
TO FIND A DUELIST
WHO WOULD BE WORTHY
TO BE MY HUSBAND...
BUT I'VE DISCOVERED
I AM NOT WORTHY...
TO BE WITH SOMEONE
STRONG AS YOU.
TANIA?
WHA?!
[GROWLS]
A TIGER?!
TANIA...IS THAT YOU?
Tania: FAREWELL,
BASTION...
WELL THEN...
I GUESS THAT THIS IS IT.
BOY, BASTION...
YOU SURE KNOW HOW
TO PICK 'EM!
Jaden: DON'T WORRY,
BUDDY...
THERE'S PLENTY
OF FISH IN THA SEA!
Bastion: YES, BUT NOT
TOO MANY TIGERS.
THANK GOODNESS.